what's up guys well this is me
showcasing my lego custom Assassin's
Creed figure this is Edward Edward
Kenway from assassin's creed black flag
and yeah it's a project I've been
working on for some days now it's been
quite hard actually and yeah I think it
turned out pretty great actually it's
one of my better figures this is
obviously the first video i posted on
here so yeah i can give you a 3d look
oven you got the belt and the buckle and
everything front on the back the belt
and this assassin robe yeah hood and uh
yeah let's remove this and give you a
closer look Oh copies I want there we go
so what you can see is all of these
parts actually glued onto the figure you
see it very clear here but the coat it
didn't show but they should there you go
that layer and the belt and the buckle
is all separate pieces that I painted
and and we were on to the figure and
same things go same thing goes for the
front we have a his robe and his alma
and shirt and this buckle think coming
over his shoulder so separate pieces so
they leased an apt yeah I can remove the
hood and articulation is fully
operational and take it as forth and
take his hands all the way back
nothing's stopping it and with the robe
even though there's the robe again no
and nothing actually stops this figure
from moving which I'm quite happy with
and yeah he said this is just the first
of hopefully many pgs trial that I'll
make I can show you some of the details
we have under here his shirt and his
right it's blue and he had some armor
pieces up here they're supposed to be
brown but I didn't have any brown paint
so everything everything that's brown is
also black and he got this buckle coming
over down here in the game he has his
pistols attached to this buckle but
there's no way of doing that in Lego so
we also have to sort connected to each
side here you know the belt it has a
buckle cross here which I drew on added
some details to the belt to make sure
that it is in fact the belt this is our
goals and shoulder pieces and same thing
goes to the back that I actually painted
two flintlock pistols on the back I
think he should have his flintlock
pistols you don't show where well but
there's some great details ended in here
to just show that they are pistols and
his coat it's blue and the white and I
think what made this stand out is the
outlining everything is better when you
outline it so I outlined it in black as
you can see here to make the you know to
separate the blue from the white
otherwise it was quite mixed up actually
and same thing goes for the buckle right
here Oh
I don't show we're well on the camera
but I outlined that as well there's some
great parts in this in the black parts
which I outlined it added some detail
into and I used just a standard Indiana
Jones head as i thought that was you
know a nice head for edward kenway is
not like the others assassins Edward
don't care he's more like a laid-back
drunken sailor type he's a pirate and
this face just seem like that kind of
face an Edward face so yes who it was a
normal black hood way I just painted
white because I don't have any white but
if you have a white who you can
definitely use that so yeah that's oh I
also painted his boots yeah so of course
it has the sword as the piece we
actually has two of each since Edwards
edward has it actually has poor pistols
and two sorts of it he also had a
blowpipe there he goes also had a
blowpipe we supposed to be sitting on
his back like this by having given him
that's not yet at least it might happen
when I get some brown paint that I will
making you a new version of it but yeah
my cell looks for now so I guess that's
it yeah bye